docs/docs/search.md, before:

# Search API

The Search API provides advanced semantic search capabilities with flexible ranking, filtering, and pagination options. This is the recommended API for Chroma Cloud and for applications requiring complex search patterns.

!!! note "Cloud Feature"

    The Search API is available in Chroma Cloud. For self-hosted Chroma, use the Query API instead.

## Basic Usage

```go
package main

import (
    "context"
    "fmt"
    "log"

    chroma "github.com/amikos-tech/chroma-go/pkg/api/v2"
    "github.com/amikos-tech/chroma-go/pkg/embeddings/openai"
)

func main() {
    client, err := chroma.NewHTTPClient(
        chroma.WithCloudAPIKey("your-api-key"),
        chroma.WithDatabaseAndTenant("your-tenant", "your-database"),
    )
    if err != nil {
        log.Fatal(err)
    }
    defer client.Close()

    // Embedding function is required for text queries
    ef, _ := openai.NewOpenAIEmbeddingFunction("sk-xxx")

    col, err := client.GetCollection(context.Background(), "my-collection",
        chroma.WithEmbeddingFunctionGet(ef),
    )
    if err != nil {
        log.Fatal(err)
    }

    // Simple text search
    result, err := col.Search(context.Background(),
        chroma.NewSearchRequest(
            chroma.WithKnnRank(chroma.KnnQueryText("machine learning")),
            chroma.WithPage(chroma.WithLimit(10)),
        ),
    )
    if err != nil {
        log.Fatal(err)
    }
    fmt.Printf("Found %d results\n", len(result.(*chroma.SearchResultImpl).IDs[0]))
}
```

## Search Components

A search request consists of four optional components:

| Component | Description | Function |
|-----------|-------------|----------|
| **Rank** | How to score and order results | `WithKnnRank`, `WithRffRank` |
| **Filter** | Which documents to include | `WithFilter`, `WithFilterIDs`, `WithFilterDocument` |
| **Page** | Pagination (limit/offset) | `WithPage` |
| **Select** | Which fields to return | `WithSelect`, `WithSelectAll` |

---

## Ranking

### KNN (K-Nearest Neighbors)

KNN search finds documents with embeddings most similar to your query.

```go
// Text query (auto-embedded using collection's embedding function)
chroma.WithKnnRank(chroma.KnnQueryText("search query"))

// Dense vector query
vector := embeddings.NewEmbeddingFromFloat32([]float32{0.1, 0.2, 0.3, ...})
chroma.WithKnnRank(chroma.KnnQueryVector(vector))

// Sparse vector query
sparse, err := embeddings.NewSparseVector([]int{1, 5, 10}, []float32{0.5, 0.3, 0.8})
if err != nil { return err }
chroma.WithKnnRank(
    chroma.KnnQuerySparseVector(sparse),
    chroma.WithKnnKey(chroma.K("sparse_embedding")),
)
```

#### KNN Options

| Option | Description | Default |
|--------|-------------|---------|
| `WithKnnLimit(n)` | Number of nearest neighbors to retrieve | 16 |
| `WithKnnKey(key)` | Which embedding field to search | `#embedding` |
| `WithKnnDefault(score)` | Score for documents not in top-K | excluded |
| `WithKnnReturnRank()` | Return rank position instead of distance | false |

```go
knn, err := chroma.NewKnnRank(
    chroma.KnnQueryText("AI research"),
    chroma.WithKnnLimit(100),
    chroma.WithKnnDefault(10.0),
    chroma.WithKnnKey(chroma.K("dense_embedding")),
)
if err != nil {
    log.Fatal(err)
}
```

### Weighted Combinations

Combine multiple searches with different weights:

```go
// Dense + Sparse hybrid search (70% dense, 30% sparse)
dense, _ := chroma.NewKnnRank(chroma.KnnQueryText("machine learning"))
sparse, _ := chroma.NewKnnRank(
    chroma.KnnQuerySparseVector(sparseVector),
    chroma.WithKnnKey(chroma.K("sparse_embedding")),
)

combined := dense.Multiply(chroma.FloatOperand(0.7)).Add(
    sparse.Multiply(chroma.FloatOperand(0.3)),
)

result, err := col.Search(ctx,
    chroma.NewSearchRequest(
        chroma.WithRank(combined),
        chroma.WithPage(chroma.WithLimit(10)),
    ),
)
```

### Mathematical Functions

Transform scores using mathematical operations:

| Method | Description | Example |
|--------|-------------|---------|
| `Add(op)` | Addition | `rank.Add(chroma.FloatOperand(1))` |
| `Sub(op)` | Subtraction | `rank.Sub(otherRank)` |
| `Multiply(op)` | Multiplication | `rank.Multiply(chroma.FloatOperand(0.5))` |
| `Div(op)` | Division | `rank.Div(chroma.FloatOperand(10))` |
| `Negate()` | Negation | `rank.Negate()` |
| `Abs()` | Absolute value | `rank.Abs()` |
| `Exp()` | Exponential (e^x) | `rank.Exp()` |
| `Log()` | Natural log | `rank.Log()` |
| `Max(op)` | Maximum | `rank.Max(chroma.FloatOperand(1.0))` |
| `Min(op)` | Minimum | `rank.Min(chroma.FloatOperand(0.0))` |

```go
// Exponential amplification
amplified, _ := chroma.NewKnnRank(chroma.KnnQueryText("query"))
amplified = amplified.Exp()

// Log compression (add 1 to avoid log(0))
compressed, _ := chroma.NewKnnRank(chroma.KnnQueryText("query"))
compressed = compressed.Add(chroma.FloatOperand(1)).Log()

// Score clamping to [0, 1]
clamped, _ := chroma.NewKnnRank(chroma.KnnQueryText("query"))
clamped = clamped.Min(chroma.FloatOperand(0.0)).Max(chroma.FloatOperand(1.0))
```

### Reciprocal Rank Fusion (RRF)

RRF combines multiple ranking strategies using: `-sum(weight_i / (k + rank_i))`

```go
knn1, _ := chroma.NewKnnRank(
    chroma.KnnQueryText("machine learning"),
    chroma.WithKnnReturnRank(), // Required for RRF
)
knn2, _ := chroma.NewKnnRank(
    chroma.KnnQueryText("deep learning"),
    chroma.WithKnnReturnRank(),
)

rrf, err := chroma.NewRrfRank(
    chroma.WithRffRanks(
        knn1.WithWeight(0.6),
        knn2.WithWeight(0.4),
    ),
    chroma.WithRffK(60),         // Smoothing constant (default: 60)
    chroma.WithRffNormalize(),   // Normalize weights to sum to 1.0
)
if err != nil {
    log.Fatal(err)
}

result, err := col.Search(ctx,
    chroma.NewSearchRequest(
        chroma.WithRank(rrf),
        chroma.WithPage(chroma.WithLimit(10)),
    ),
)
```

---

## Filtering

### Metadata Filters

Filter documents by metadata attributes:

```go
// Single condition
chroma.WithFilter(chroma.EqString("status", "published"))

// Combined conditions
chroma.WithFilter(
    chroma.And(
        chroma.EqString("status", "published"),
        chroma.GtInt("views", 100),
    ),
)
```

#### Filter Operators

| Operator | Description | Example |
|----------|-------------|---------|
| `EqString` | String equals | `EqString("type", "article")` |
| `EqInt` | Integer equals | `EqInt("count", 5)` |
| `EqFloat` | Float equals | `EqFloat("score", 0.95)` |
| `EqBool` | Boolean equals | `EqBool("active", true)` |
| `NeString` | Not equals | `NeString("status", "draft")` |
| `GtInt` | Greater than | `GtInt("views", 100)` |
| `GteInt` | Greater than or equal | `GteInt("priority", 1)` |
| `LtInt` | Less than | `LtInt("age", 30)` |
| `LteInt` | Less than or equal | `LteInt("rank", 10)` |
| `InStrings` | In list | `InStrings("category", []string{"tech", "science"})` |
| `NinStrings` | Not in list | `NinStrings("tag", []string{"spam", "test"})` |
| `And` | Logical AND | `And(filter1, filter2)` |
| `Or` | Logical OR | `Or(filter1, filter2)` |

### Document ID Filter

Restrict search to specific document IDs:

```go
chroma.WithFilterIDs("doc1", "doc2", "doc3")
```

### Document Content Filter

Filter by document text content:

```go
chroma.WithFilterDocument(
    chroma.Contains("machine learning"),
)
```

### Combining Filters

```go
result, err := col.Search(ctx,
    chroma.NewSearchRequest(
        chroma.WithKnnRank(chroma.KnnQueryText("AI research")),
        chroma.WithFilter(
            chroma.And(
                chroma.EqString("status", "published"),
                chroma.InStrings("category", []string{"tech", "science"}),
            ),
        ),
        chroma.WithFilterIDs("doc1", "doc2", "doc3"),
        chroma.WithPage(chroma.WithLimit(20)),
    ),
)
```

---

## Pagination

Control result pagination with limit and offset:

```go
// First page (10 results)
chroma.WithPage(chroma.WithLimit(10))

// Second page
chroma.WithPage(chroma.WithLimit(10), chroma.WithOffset(10))

// Third page
chroma.WithPage(chroma.WithLimit(10), chroma.WithOffset(20))
```

---

## Projection (Select)

Choose which fields to include in results:

```go
// Select specific fields
chroma.WithSelect(chroma.KDocument, chroma.KScore, chroma.K("title"))

// Select all standard fields
chroma.WithSelectAll()
```

#### Projection Keys

| Key | Description |
|-----|-------------|
| `KID` | Document ID |
| `KDocument` | Document text |
| `KEmbedding` | Vector embedding |
| `KMetadata` | All metadata fields |
| `KScore` | Ranking score |
| `K("field")` | Custom metadata field |

---

## Complete Examples

### Semantic Search with Filters

```go
result, err := col.Search(ctx,
    chroma.NewSearchRequest(
        chroma.WithKnnRank(
            chroma.KnnQueryText("latest AI research"),
            chroma.WithKnnLimit(100),
        ),
        chroma.WithFilter(
            chroma.And(
                chroma.EqString("status", "published"),
                chroma.GtInt("year", 2023),
            ),
        ),
        chroma.WithPage(chroma.WithLimit(10)),
        chroma.WithSelect(chroma.KDocument, chroma.KScore, chroma.K("title")),
    ),
)
```

### Hybrid Dense + Sparse Search

```go
dense, _ := chroma.NewKnnRank(
    chroma.KnnQueryText("neural networks"),
    chroma.WithKnnLimit(100),
    chroma.WithKnnDefault(1000.0),
)

sparse, _ := chroma.NewKnnRank(
    chroma.KnnQuerySparseVector(sparseVector),
    chroma.WithKnnKey(chroma.K("sparse_embedding")),
    chroma.WithKnnLimit(100),
    chroma.WithKnnDefault(1000.0),
)

// 70% dense, 30% sparse
hybrid := dense.Multiply(chroma.FloatOperand(0.7)).Add(
    sparse.Multiply(chroma.FloatOperand(0.3)),
)

result, err := col.Search(ctx,
    chroma.NewSearchRequest(
        chroma.WithRank(hybrid),
        chroma.WithPage(chroma.WithLimit(10)),
    ),
)
```

### Multi-Query with RRF

```go
semantic, _ := chroma.NewKnnRank(
    chroma.KnnQueryText("machine learning algorithms"),
    chroma.WithKnnReturnRank(),
    chroma.WithKnnLimit(50),
)

keyword, _ := chroma.NewKnnRank(
    chroma.KnnQuerySparseVector(bm25Vector),
    chroma.WithKnnKey(chroma.K("bm25_embedding")),
    chroma.WithKnnReturnRank(),
    chroma.WithKnnLimit(50),
)

rrf, _ := chroma.NewRrfRank(
    chroma.WithRffRanks(
        semantic.WithWeight(0.6),
        keyword.WithWeight(0.4),
    ),
    chroma.WithRffK(60),
)

result, err := col.Search(ctx,
    chroma.NewSearchRequest(
        chroma.WithRank(rrf),
        chroma.WithFilter(chroma.EqString("type", "paper")),
        chroma.WithPage(chroma.WithLimit(10)),
        chroma.WithSelect(chroma.KDocument, chroma.KScore, chroma.K("title"), chroma.K("authors")),
    ),
)
```

### No Ranking (Index Order)

Retrieve documents without ranking (useful for filtered retrieval):

```go
result, err := col.Search(ctx,
    chroma.NewSearchRequest(
        chroma.WithFilter(chroma.EqString("status", "active")),
        chroma.WithPage(chroma.WithLimit(100)),
    ),
)
```

---

## Error Handling

Both `NewKnnRank` and `NewRrfRank` return errors that should be checked:

```go
knn, err := chroma.NewKnnRank(
    chroma.KnnQueryText("query"),
    chroma.WithKnnLimit(100),
)
if err != nil {
    log.Fatalf("Failed to create KNN rank: %v", err)
}

rrf, err := chroma.NewRrfRank(
    chroma.WithRffRanks(knn.WithWeight(1.0)),
)
if err != nil {
    log.Fatalf("Failed to create RRF rank: %v", err)
}
```

---

## API Reference

### Search Options

| Function | Description |
|----------|-------------|
| `NewSearchRequest(opts...)` | Create a search request with options |
| `WithKnnRank(query, opts...)` | Add KNN ranking to request |
| `WithRffRank(opts...)` | Add RRF ranking to request |
| `WithFilter(where)` | Add metadata filter |
| `WithFilterIDs(ids...)` | Filter by document IDs |
| `WithFilterDocument(where)` | Filter by document content |
| `WithPage(opts...)` | Add pagination |
| `WithSelect(keys...)` | Select fields to return |
| `WithSelectAll()` | Select all standard fields |

### KNN Options

| Function | Description |
|----------|-------------|
| `KnnQueryText(text)` | Query with text (auto-embedded) |
| `KnnQueryVector(vec)` | Query with dense vector |
| `KnnQuerySparseVector(vec)` | Query with sparse vector |
| `WithKnnLimit(n)` | Set K neighbors to retrieve |
| `WithKnnKey(key)` | Set embedding field to search |
| `WithKnnDefault(score)` | Set default score for non-matches |
| `WithKnnReturnRank()` | Return rank instead of distance |

### RRF Options

| Function | Description |
|----------|-------------|
| `WithRffRanks(ranks...)` | Add weighted ranks |
| `WithRffK(k)` | Set smoothing constant |
| `WithRffNormalize()` | Normalize weights |

Commit message:

feat(v2): add IDIn and IDNotIn filters for Search API (#342)
* feat(v2): add IDIn and IDNotIn filters for Search API (#334)

Add ID filtering support in Search API with IDIn() and IDNotIn()
functions following the Python SDK pattern (K.ID.is_in/not_in).

- Add IDIn() and IDNotIn() functions to where.go
- Fix SearchFilter.MarshalJSON() to serialize where clause directly
- Add Cloud integration tests for ID filtering
- Update documentation with Cloud-only note

* fix(v2): add lazy validation for empty operands in In/Nin clauses

Add empty operand validation that triggers at query composition time:
- Add empty check to all WhereClause*s.Validate() for $in/$nin operators
- Add recursive validation to And/Or compound clauses
- Call Validate() in SearchFilter.MarshalJSON() before serializing

This allows constructing IDIn()/IDNotIn() with no args but errors
when the filter is composed, following lazy-validation pattern.

* feat(search): add DocumentContains and DocumentNotContains filters

Add document content filtering support for Search API:
- Add $contains and $not_contains operators to WhereFilterOperator
- Add DocumentContains() and DocumentNotContains() functions
- Both serialize to {"#document": {"$contains": "text"}} format
- Add unit tests for JSON serialization
- Add cloud integration tests

* fix(where): add operator validation to all singular clause types

Address PR feedback:
- Add operator validation to WhereClauseString, WhereClauseInt,
  WhereClauseFloat, WhereClauseBool Validate() methods
- Add empty string validation for $contains/$not_contains operators
- Add unit tests for empty DocumentContains/DocumentNotContains

* fix(where): add nil clause check in compound expression validation

Prevent potential panic when nil clause is passed to And() or Or().
The Validate() method now returns an error instead of panicking
when iterating over nil clauses in compound expressions.

Add tests for nil clause detection in And, Or, and nested compounds.

docs/docs/search.md, after:

# Search API

The Search API provides advanced semantic search capabilities with flexible ranking, filtering, and pagination options. This is the recommended API for Chroma Cloud and for applications requiring complex search patterns.

!!! note "Cloud Feature"

    The Search API is available in Chroma Cloud. For self-hosted Chroma, use the Query API instead.

## Basic Usage

```go
package main

import (
    "context"
    "fmt"
    "log"

    chroma "github.com/amikos-tech/chroma-go/pkg/api/v2"
    "github.com/amikos-tech/chroma-go/pkg/embeddings/openai"
)

func main() {
    client, err := chroma.NewHTTPClient(
        chroma.WithCloudAPIKey("your-api-key"),
        chroma.WithDatabaseAndTenant("your-tenant", "your-database"),
    )
    if err != nil {
        log.Fatal(err)
    }
    defer client.Close()

    // Embedding function is required for text queries
    ef, _ := openai.NewOpenAIEmbeddingFunction("sk-xxx")

    col, err := client.GetCollection(context.Background(), "my-collection",
        chroma.WithEmbeddingFunctionGet(ef),
    )
    if err != nil {
        log.Fatal(err)
    }

    // Simple text search
    result, err := col.Search(context.Background(),
        chroma.NewSearchRequest(
            chroma.WithKnnRank(chroma.KnnQueryText("machine learning")),
            chroma.WithPage(chroma.WithLimit(10)),
        ),
    )
    if err != nil {
        log.Fatal(err)
    }
    fmt.Printf("Found %d results\n", len(result.(*chroma.SearchResultImpl).IDs[0]))
}
```

## Search Components

A search request consists of four optional components:

| Component | Description | Function |
|-----------|-------------|----------|
| **Rank** | How to score and order results | `WithKnnRank`, `WithRffRank` |
| **Filter** | Which documents to include | `WithFilter`, `WithFilterIDs`, `WithFilterDocument` |
| **Page** | Pagination (limit/offset) | `WithPage` |
| **Select** | Which fields to return | `WithSelect`, `WithSelectAll` |

---

## Ranking

### KNN (K-Nearest Neighbors)

KNN search finds documents with embeddings most similar to your query.

```go
// Text query (auto-embedded using collection's embedding function)
chroma.WithKnnRank(chroma.KnnQueryText("search query"))

// Dense vector query
vector := embeddings.NewEmbeddingFromFloat32([]float32{0.1, 0.2, 0.3, ...})
chroma.WithKnnRank(chroma.KnnQueryVector(vector))

// Sparse vector query
sparse, err := embeddings.NewSparseVector([]int{1, 5, 10}, []float32{0.5, 0.3, 0.8})
if err != nil { return err }
chroma.WithKnnRank(
    chroma.KnnQuerySparseVector(sparse),
    chroma.WithKnnKey(chroma.K("sparse_embedding")),
)
```

#### KNN Options

| Option | Description | Default |
|--------|-------------|---------|
| `WithKnnLimit(n)` | Number of nearest neighbors to retrieve | 16 |
| `WithKnnKey(key)` | Which embedding field to search | `#embedding` |
| `WithKnnDefault(score)` | Score for documents not in top-K | excluded |
| `WithKnnReturnRank()` | Return rank position instead of distance | false |

```go
knn, err := chroma.NewKnnRank(
    chroma.KnnQueryText("AI research"),
    chroma.WithKnnLimit(100),
    chroma.WithKnnDefault(10.0),
    chroma.WithKnnKey(chroma.K("dense_embedding")),
)
if err != nil {
    log.Fatal(err)
}
```

### Weighted Combinations

Combine multiple searches with different weights:

```go
// Dense + Sparse hybrid search (70% dense, 30% sparse)
dense, _ := chroma.NewKnnRank(chroma.KnnQueryText("machine learning"))
sparse, _ := chroma.NewKnnRank(
    chroma.KnnQuerySparseVector(sparseVector),
    chroma.WithKnnKey(chroma.K("sparse_embedding")),
)

combined := dense.Multiply(chroma.FloatOperand(0.7)).Add(
    sparse.Multiply(chroma.FloatOperand(0.3)),
)

result, err := col.Search(ctx,
    chroma.NewSearchRequest(
        chroma.WithRank(combined),
        chroma.WithPage(chroma.WithLimit(10)),
    ),
)
```

### Mathematical Functions

Transform scores using mathematical operations:

| Method | Description | Example |
|--------|-------------|---------|
| `Add(op)` | Addition | `rank.Add(chroma.FloatOperand(1))` |
| `Sub(op)` | Subtraction | `rank.Sub(otherRank)` |
| `Multiply(op)` | Multiplication | `rank.Multiply(chroma.FloatOperand(0.5))` |
| `Div(op)` | Division | `rank.Div(chroma.FloatOperand(10))` |
| `Negate()` | Negation | `rank.Negate()` |
| `Abs()` | Absolute value | `rank.Abs()` |
| `Exp()` | Exponential (e^x) | `rank.Exp()` |
| `Log()` | Natural log | `rank.Log()` |
| `Max(op)` | Maximum | `rank.Max(chroma.FloatOperand(1.0))` |
| `Min(op)` | Minimum | `rank.Min(chroma.FloatOperand(0.0))` |

```go
// Exponential amplification
amplified, _ := chroma.NewKnnRank(chroma.KnnQueryText("query"))
amplified = amplified.Exp()

// Log compression (add 1 to avoid log(0))
compressed, _ := chroma.NewKnnRank(chroma.KnnQueryText("query"))
compressed = compressed.Add(chroma.FloatOperand(1)).Log()

// Score clamping to [0, 1]
clamped, _ := chroma.NewKnnRank(chroma.KnnQueryText("query"))
clamped = clamped.Min(chroma.FloatOperand(0.0)).Max(chroma.FloatOperand(1.0))
```

### Reciprocal Rank Fusion (RRF)

RRF combines multiple ranking strategies using: `-sum(weight_i / (k + rank_i))`

```go
knn1, _ := chroma.NewKnnRank(
    chroma.KnnQueryText("machine learning"),
    chroma.WithKnnReturnRank(), // Required for RRF
)
knn2, _ := chroma.NewKnnRank(
    chroma.KnnQueryText("deep learning"),
    chroma.WithKnnReturnRank(),
)

rrf, err := chroma.NewRrfRank(
    chroma.WithRffRanks(
        knn1.WithWeight(0.6),
        knn2.WithWeight(0.4),
    ),
    chroma.WithRffK(60),         // Smoothing constant (default: 60)
    chroma.WithRffNormalize(),   // Normalize weights to sum to 1.0
)
if err != nil {
    log.Fatal(err)
}

result, err := col.Search(ctx,
    chroma.NewSearchRequest(
        chroma.WithRank(rrf),
        chroma.WithPage(chroma.WithLimit(10)),
    ),
)
```

---

## Filtering

### Metadata Filters

Filter documents by metadata attributes:

```go
// Single condition
chroma.WithFilter(chroma.EqString("status", "published"))

// Combined conditions
chroma.WithFilter(
    chroma.And(
        chroma.EqString("status", "published"),
        chroma.GtInt("views", 100),
    ),
)
```

#### Filter Operators

| Operator | Description | Example |
|----------|-------------|---------|
| `EqString` | String equals | `EqString("type", "article")` |
| `EqInt` | Integer equals | `EqInt("count", 5)` |
| `EqFloat` | Float equals | `EqFloat("score", 0.95)` |
| `EqBool` | Boolean equals | `EqBool("active", true)` |
| `NeString` | Not equals | `NeString("status", "draft")` |
| `GtInt` | Greater than | `GtInt("views", 100)` |
| `GteInt` | Greater than or equal | `GteInt("priority", 1)` |
| `LtInt` | Less than | `LtInt("age", 30)` |
| `LteInt` | Less than or equal | `LteInt("rank", 10)` |
| `InStrings` | In list | `InStrings("category", []string{"tech", "science"})` |
| `NinStrings` | Not in list | `NinStrings("tag", []string{"spam", "test"})` |
| `And` | Logical AND | `And(filter1, filter2)` |
| `Or` | Logical OR | `Or(filter1, filter2)` |

### Document ID Filter

Restrict search to specific document IDs using `WithFilterIDs`:

```go
chroma.WithFilterIDs("doc1", "doc2", "doc3")
```

For more flexible ID filtering that can be combined with other where clauses, use `IDIn` and `IDNotIn`:

> **Note:** `IDIn` and `IDNotIn` are **Cloud-only** features. These functions follow the Python SDK pattern (`K.ID.is_in()`, `K.ID.not_in()`).

```go
// Include only specific IDs (equivalent to Python's K.ID.is_in())
chroma.WithFilter(chroma.IDIn("doc1", "doc2", "doc3"))

// Exclude specific IDs (equivalent to Python's K.ID.not_in())
chroma.WithFilter(chroma.IDNotIn("seen1", "seen2", "seen3"))

// Combine with other filters - useful for excluding already-seen content
chroma.WithFilter(chroma.And(
    chroma.EqString("category", "tech"),
    chroma.IDNotIn("already_read_1", "already_read_2"),
))
```

### Combining Filters

```go
result, err := col.Search(ctx,
    chroma.NewSearchRequest(
        chroma.WithKnnRank(chroma.KnnQueryText("AI research")),
        chroma.WithFilter(
            chroma.And(
                chroma.EqString("status", "published"),
                chroma.InStrings("category", []string{"tech", "science"}),
            ),
        ),
        chroma.WithFilterIDs("doc1", "doc2", "doc3"),
        chroma.WithPage(chroma.WithLimit(20)),
    ),
)
```

---

## Pagination

Control result pagination with limit and offset:

```go
// First page (10 results)
chroma.WithPage(chroma.WithLimit(10))

// Second page
chroma.WithPage(chroma.WithLimit(10), chroma.WithOffset(10))

// Third page
chroma.WithPage(chroma.WithLimit(10), chroma.WithOffset(20))
```

---

## Projection (Select)

Choose which fields to include in results:

```go
// Select specific fields
chroma.WithSelect(chroma.KDocument, chroma.KScore, chroma.K("title"))

// Select all standard fields
chroma.WithSelectAll()
```

#### Projection Keys

| Key | Description |
|-----|-------------|
| `KID` | Document ID |
| `KDocument` | Document text |
| `KEmbedding` | Vector embedding |
| `KMetadata` | All metadata fields |
| `KScore` | Ranking score |
| `K("field")` | Custom metadata field |

---

## Complete Examples

### Semantic Search with Filters

```go
result, err := col.Search(ctx,
    chroma.NewSearchRequest(
        chroma.WithKnnRank(
            chroma.KnnQueryText("latest AI research"),
            chroma.WithKnnLimit(100),
        ),
        chroma.WithFilter(
            chroma.And(
                chroma.EqString("status", "published"),
                chroma.GtInt("year", 2023),
            ),
        ),
        chroma.WithPage(chroma.WithLimit(10)),
        chroma.WithSelect(chroma.KDocument, chroma.KScore, chroma.K("title")),
    ),
)
```

### Hybrid Dense + Sparse Search

```go
dense, _ := chroma.NewKnnRank(
    chroma.KnnQueryText("neural networks"),
    chroma.WithKnnLimit(100),
    chroma.WithKnnDefault(1000.0),
)

sparse, _ := chroma.NewKnnRank(
    chroma.KnnQuerySparseVector(sparseVector),
    chroma.WithKnnKey(chroma.K("sparse_embedding")),
    chroma.WithKnnLimit(100),
    chroma.WithKnnDefault(1000.0),
)

// 70% dense, 30% sparse
hybrid := dense.Multiply(chroma.FloatOperand(0.7)).Add(
    sparse.Multiply(chroma.FloatOperand(0.3)),
)

result, err := col.Search(ctx,
    chroma.NewSearchRequest(
        chroma.WithRank(hybrid),
        chroma.WithPage(chroma.WithLimit(10)),
    ),
)
```

### Multi-Query with RRF

```go
semantic, _ := chroma.NewKnnRank(
    chroma.KnnQueryText("machine learning algorithms"),
    chroma.WithKnnReturnRank(),
    chroma.WithKnnLimit(50),
)

keyword, _ := chroma.NewKnnRank(
    chroma.KnnQuerySparseVector(bm25Vector),
    chroma.WithKnnKey(chroma.K("bm25_embedding")),
    chroma.WithKnnReturnRank(),
    chroma.WithKnnLimit(50),
)

rrf, _ := chroma.NewRrfRank(
    chroma.WithRffRanks(
        semantic.WithWeight(0.6),
        keyword.WithWeight(0.4),
    ),
    chroma.WithRffK(60),
)

result, err := col.Search(ctx,
    chroma.NewSearchRequest(
        chroma.WithRank(rrf),
        chroma.WithFilter(chroma.EqString("type", "paper")),
        chroma.WithPage(chroma.WithLimit(10)),
        chroma.WithSelect(chroma.KDocument, chroma.KScore, chroma.K("title"), chroma.K("authors")),
    ),
)
```

### No Ranking (Index Order)

Retrieve documents without ranking (useful for filtered retrieval):

```go
result, err := col.Search(ctx,
    chroma.NewSearchRequest(
        chroma.WithFilter(chroma.EqString("status", "active")),
        chroma.WithPage(chroma.WithLimit(100)),
    ),
)
```

---

## Error Handling

Both `NewKnnRank` and `NewRrfRank` return errors that should be checked:

```go
knn, err := chroma.NewKnnRank(
    chroma.KnnQueryText("query"),
    chroma.WithKnnLimit(100),
)
if err != nil {
    log.Fatalf("Failed to create KNN rank: %v", err)
}

rrf, err := chroma.NewRrfRank(
    chroma.WithRffRanks(knn.WithWeight(1.0)),
)
if err != nil {
    log.Fatalf("Failed to create RRF rank: %v", err)
}
```

---

## API Reference

### Search Options

| Function | Description |
|----------|-------------|
| `NewSearchRequest(opts...)` | Create a search request with options |
| `WithKnnRank(query, opts...)` | Add KNN ranking to request |
| `WithRffRank(opts...)` | Add RRF ranking to request |
| `WithFilter(where)` | Add metadata filter |
| `WithFilterIDs(ids...)` | Filter by document IDs |
| `WithPage(opts...)` | Add pagination |
| `WithSelect(keys...)` | Select fields to return |
| `WithSelectAll()` | Select all standard fields |

### KNN Options

| Function | Description |
|----------|-------------|
| `KnnQueryText(text)` | Query with text (auto-embedded) |
| `KnnQueryVector(vec)` | Query with dense vector |
| `KnnQuerySparseVector(vec)` | Query with sparse vector |
| `WithKnnLimit(n)` | Set K neighbors to retrieve |
| `WithKnnKey(key)` | Set embedding field to search |
| `WithKnnDefault(score)` | Set default score for non-matches |
| `WithKnnReturnRank()` | Return rank instead of distance |

### RRF Options

| Function | Description |
|----------|-------------|
| `WithRffRanks(ranks...)` | Add weighted ranks |
| `WithRffK(k)` | Set smoothing constant |
| `WithRffNormalize()` | Normalize weights |

### ID Filter Operators (Cloud-only)

| Function | Description |
|----------|-------------|
| `IDIn(ids...)` | Match documents with any of the specified IDs |
| `IDNotIn(ids...)` | Exclude documents with any of the specified IDs |
